1. As an account holder, I want to enter a question I have, so that I can get help by other solve my problem.

2. As an account holder, I want to enter an answer to an existing question, so that I can help a fellow developer.

3. As an account holder, I want to be abel to comment on an existing answer, so that I can further discuss details to this answer.

4. As a developer, I want to see a list of existing questions, so that I can browse through existing topics.

5. As a developer, I want to search questiony be keyowrd, so that I can find similar questions to my matter.

6. As a developer, I want to down- or up-vote answers, so that I can promote valid answers or demote wrong ansers.

7. As a developer, I want to see answers ranked by votes, so that I can find the most valid ansers an top.

8. As an account holder, I want to be able to edit my profile, so that I can enter personal data.

9. As an account holder, I want to upload a profile pictor to my profile, so that other developers can see how I look like.

10. As an account holder, I want to acces a list of my submitted questions and ansers, so that I can keep track of them.

-------------------------------------------------------

1. As a Developer I want be able to ask questions to a community of developers so that I can obtain a variety of solutions to any questions.
2. As an Expert or community participant I want to be able to respond to questions asked by developers so that my input can be used by the Developers and community participants.
3. As a Developer I want to be able to comment on Expert responses to questions so that we can collaborate.
4.  As a Developer I want to be able to browse questions and search for questions based on Keyword so that the information provided is easy to manage.
5.  As a Developer I want to be able to vote on answers so that answers are sorted and ranked based on upvotes or down-votes.
6.  As a Developer I want to be able to create a User account so that I can participate in the voting and with the community.
7. As a Developer I want to be able to browse questions and answers without creating an account so that it is easier to participate.
8.  As a Developer I want to be able to vote on answers without having to create an account so that I can actively participate in the community.
9.  As an Account creator I want to be able to update my account so that I can have a profile picture.
10.  As a Developer I want my profile page to show all the questions I have asked or responded to so that I can easily see my submissions.

---------------------------------------------------

1.As a developer, I want to browse the site for questions & answers, so that I can get the required solution to my issue.

2.As a developer , I want to create an account  so that I can ask questions related to my issue.

3.As a developer, I want to up-vote/down-vote answers, so that I can share my expertise and help provide the right answer to the forum

4.As an account holder, I want to update my profile picture, so that other developers in the forum can view my details.

5.As a developer, I want to create an account , so that I can answer to the questions in the forum.

6.As  an account holder, I want to see all the questions I have asked  so that I can keep track of the issues and become aware of the solution

7.As a developer, I want to comment on the questions & answers, so that I can share my knowledge and contribute to the forum.

8.As a developer, I want to search the site based on keywords, so that I can view all related answers based on a particular domain/keyword.

9.As a developer, I want to see the top answers based on upvote/downvote, so that I can know the most valid and relevant answer

10.As  an account holder, I want to see all the questions I have answered  so that I can know if its valid.



-------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------


1- As a developer, I want to create an account , so that I can answer to the questions in the forum.

2- As a developer, I want to see a list of existing questions, so that I can browse through existing topics.

3- As an account holder, I want to be able to edit my profile, so that I can enter personal data.

4- As  an account holder, I want to see all the questions I have asked  so that I can keep track of the issues and become aware of the solution

5- As an account holder, I want to be abel to comment on an existing answer, so that I can further discuss details to this answer.

6- As an account holder, I want to enter a question I have, so that I can get help by other solve my problem.

7- As a account holder, I want to comment on the questions & answers, so that I can share my knowledge and contribute to the forum.

8- As a developer, I want to search questiony be keyowrd, so that I can find similar questions to my matter.

9- As a developer, I want to up-vote/down-vote answers, so that I can share my expertise and help provide the right answer to the forum

10- As a developer, I want to see answers ranked by votes, so that I can find the most valid ansers an top.
